Creates a pull request template (#131)
alex/nyt-2020-election-scraper: .github/pull_request_template.md

**IMPORTANT: Please make sure you have checked the following list of DOs and DONTs before submitting a pull request.**

*DO*

- If this PR resolves a currently open issue, **refer** to that issue in the description of your PR. For example, if it closes issue #35, say "Resolves issue #35". GitHub will automatically hyperlink the issue and associate the PR to it.

- If this PR introduces a major UI change, include a screenshot showing the specific change in behavior. You can drag and drop a screenshot directly onto the PR text to have it attached by GitHub.

*DO NOT*

> - Do not manually change any automatically generated files. In particular, do not change the `*.html`, `*.json` or `*.csv` files. For the majority of functionality you will want to edit the Python script. Be sure that you do not commit any locally changed files when you submit your PR. 

Reviewer: These should all be in HTML comments (`<!-- -->`) so that they don't show up in the new PR.

I think phrasing it as a checklist (which can be uncommented) would be more friendly.

Here's an example: https://raw.githubusercontent.com/NixOS/nixpkgs/master/.github/PULL_REQUEST_TEMPLATE.md

<!--
To help with the large amounts of pull requests, we would appreciate your

> reviews of other pull requests, especially simple package updates. Just leave a

Reviewer: ```suggestion
reviews of other pull requests, especially simple changes. Just leave a
```

> comment describing what you have tested in the relevant package/service.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
review and comment describing what you have tested in the relevant PR.
```

Reviewing helps to reduce the average time-to-merge for everyone.
Thanks a lot if you do!
List of open PRs: https://github.com/alex/nyt-2020-election-scraper/pulls
-->

###### Motivation

###### Changes

<!-- Please check what applies. Note that these are not hard requirements but merely serve as information for reviewers. -->

- [ ] Ensured that relevant issues are linked, if this PR resolves any outstanding.

> - [ ] Ensured that screenshot is appended for all UI changes, with highlights of specific behavioral change.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [ ] Added a screenshot for all UI changes (you can drag the file into this edit box and it will be uploaded).
```
